Hey, everybody.
I'm back with Brandy and before we get started
in this next lesson, I had a couple questions.
We are choosing to focus a lot on the Bitcoin debug console throughout the lesson,
and I was wondering what made you decide that
this was important to learn and how does it help the students?
Yes, excellent. So, the debug console is really another tool for
us in our toolbox for discovering new services within blockchain.
Now of course, every platform has their own toolset, right?
Right now, we're discovering the world of
Bitcoin Core and how we can work with the blockchain for Bitcoin course platform.
And the debug console allows us to
explore and that's where I really love about the debug console.
All right, cool. And another question before we get started that I had,
is we're focusing a lot so far in this program on Bitcoin specifically,
but that's not the only blockchain out there.
There's tons of other options and we actually
playing on exploring some of them later in the program.
Particularly, Ethereum, and I was wondering,
how does some of the stuff we're going to learn about the debug console
now translate into what we'll be doing with Ethereum later?
Yeah, that's a fantastic question,
and this is something I'm actually excited about.
You know, you don't really appreciate the toolset until you see the power of
the tool working and that's what we're doing at the debug console and right now,
we're focusing on Bitcoin cause it's literally
the first generation of blockchain services.
Bitcoin created blockchain, right?
I mean, obviously, it's an underpinning of
the technology and now we're seeing the power of
it as we're navigating board to
second generation blockchain services and that's the Ethereum platform,
second generation with smart contract.
So, what's interesting is we're going to see a lot of these commands that
we're utilizing now within the debug console also
participate with the Ethereum platform and it's
super nice because we get to utilize the same concepts with other platforms.
So, we have Ethereum,
but there's so many more out there that we can experiment with.
So, it's really nice to know that there's always something to
experiment with to understand what functionality really
exists with that platform and it always starts with one way to
discover functionality and the debug console is a fantastic way to do it.
Great, thanks. Yeah, it's been really exciting seeing all the connections
between the different platforms and how related they actually all are.
So throughout the rest of the lesson out,
we're going to be talking about the debug console
and we hope you're excited to get started.